[DEVX-1634] Add saucectl documentation for excludedTestFiles (#1223)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/web-apps/automated-testing/playwright/yaml.md

```
---

### `excludedTestFiles`
<p><small>| OPTIONAL | ARRAY |</small></p>

> Excludes test files to skip the tests. Regex values are supported to indicate all files of a certain type or in a certain directory, etc.

Reviewer: @lysannep @tianfeng92 Can you take a look at this wording? 

```suggestion
Excludes test files to skip the tests. You can use regex values to indicate all files that match a specific value, such as a file name, type, or directory.
```
